# projects

Hello, my name is mutsawashe gabrielle shamu, but i also go by gabrielle. Here are a few of my technical projects that i have completed. One of which is a database using SQL. It includes a scenario that i created for a cinema looking to introduce a rewards system to their network. Within the database are tables that include customer names, IDs, ages, points, and rewards. I used DML commands and four constraints while creating the table. I joined tables and used aggregate functions as well as normalised the database.

i created an API to integrate the database i made to the web. i used node.js as my construct. i implemented API endpoints with appropriate functionality using Express.js (in Node.js). I added a HTTP response message/error handling to my endpoints implementation.I also created a movie guide via codepen where users can input their preffered genre, and then a selection of movies is recommended to them.The HTML, Javascript, and CSS code has been pushed to my main branch for anybody to view. I created a weather app using HTML,CSS and javascript.

Above is my product brief i created for Youtube, looking into the UX/UI of the app, as well as the functionality of the app on different devices. i completed market research and a competitor analysis for Youtube and its competitors.i Conducted User Surveys to establish a users painpoints. Created Empathy Maps and User Personas to conceptualize these painpoints, as well as established three problems and solutions. i conducted two prioritisation frameworks to see which feature would be best, and concluded with YouTubeLite (a cheaper version of youtube premium which allows users to choose three out of the eight features on youtube premium). i created prototypes and an advert for this new feature, as well as communicated this new feature to the "userbase".
